Date: 23-08-2024
Error:  Invalid schema configuration: `User` is not a valid type at path `ref Spend Time around 45min in debugging the error while working on middlewares and routes
for message sending and receiving. 
And plot twist there was just a typo(typing error)
Learned: try to check the related files as given in error in compiler



Date: 24-08-2024
Error: not getting BG image on backgraund
Spend 10-15min figuring out.
Learned: Try to seek for the given relative path is correct.

Date: 05-09-2024


Date: 06-09-2024
Today faced so many errors and recoved. Invested more than 7 hours. 
Covered 1hour of video

Error 1 : I have not added '/api' properly in vite.config.js, 
causing no integration between frontend and backend

Error 2 : While fetching values for conversation, I was just selecting usename and that's why for very long time could not identify why my conversation object has only username and not all other parameters like fullname, profilePic

Error 3 : Many times I used toast without importing in the curr file leading to undefined behavior. So, next time keep track of all importing should be done correctly

Error 4 : Image generating API failed, I don't know why, But it was developed in Iran ig, because the url itself contains name Iran. So, replaced that with another API. Future scope develop update profilepic funtion.

Error 5 : using function call instead of object inside onchange={}, was giving undefined value.
When I used onChange={handleSubmit} instead of onChange={handleSubmit()} then it gave proper result. It is high level theory as per now for me. I will learn about it more.

Error 6 : Typo in AuthContext lead to 15min+ to debugg.

Error 7 : Tried to fetch dynamic url without using ``(backticks), lead to delay.
Error 8 : I tried to write my own function for password handling, in main sign up user data I didn't returned true even after all check passed. And this lead to not successful userdata handled so function was returning without passing the data.  (!success)return;

Date: 07-09-2024

Error 1 : An user came online=> status updated as online. It logged out, still showing online green mark. There was a typo in {disconnect} method, I typed `disconnet` instead of `disconnect`
Error 2 : new meggase shake functionality not working even after adding the functionality.

Error 3 : unexpected JSON errors, not consistenly. Could not identify exact origin point of this error

Solution: After addition of socket functionality, it does not working properly. So match the files which contains socket keyword in it.

1) gh: getMessages, Ishita: getMessage. in backend/controllers/message.controller.js, but this is not an issue.

Date 10-09-2024
Error 1 : After making both frontend and backend running on the same port. I was trying fetch 5000 port. But I was still using 5000 port for backend running. And that was giving error. After reading the error msg in compiler and understanding it with the help of chatgpt. I got that I was using backend on 5000 port that's why 5000 was not available for me for the aplication.